Deprecate GraphQL (#10355)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/proxy.proto.sk.md

| `routeAction` | [.gloo.solo.io.RouteAction](../proxy.proto.sk/#routeaction) | This action is the primary action to be selected for most routes. The RouteAction tells the proxy to route requests to an upstream. Only one of `routeAction`, `redirectAction`, `directResponseAction`, or `graphqlApiRef` can be set. |
| `redirectAction` | [.gloo.solo.io.RedirectAction](../proxy.proto.sk/#redirectaction) | Redirect actions tell the proxy to return a redirect response to the downstream client. Only one of `redirectAction`, `routeAction`, `directResponseAction`, or `graphqlApiRef` can be set. |
| `directResponseAction` | [.gloo.solo.io.DirectResponseAction](../proxy.proto.sk/#directresponseaction) | Return an arbitrary HTTP response directly, without proxying. Only one of `directResponseAction`, `routeAction`, `redirectAction`, or `graphqlApiRef` can be set. |

> | `graphqlApiRef` | [.core.solo.io.ResourceRef](../../../../../../solo-kit/api/v1/ref.proto.sk/#resourceref) | Deprecated, Enterprise-Only: This feature is deprecated and wil. APIs are versioned as alpha and subject to change. A reference to a GraphQLApi CR. Resolution of the client request to upstream(s) will be delegated to the resolution policies defined in the GraphQLApi CR. If configured, the graphql filter will operate instead of the envoy router filter, so configuration (such as retries) that applies to the router filter will not be applied. Only one of `graphqlApiRef`, `routeAction`, `redirectAction`, or `directResponseAction` can be set. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `graphqlApiRef` | [.core.solo.io.ResourceRef](../../../../../../solo-kit/api/v1/ref.proto.sk/#resourceref) | Deprecated, Enterprise-Only: THIS FEATURE IS DEPRECATED AND WILL BE REMOVED IN A FUTURE RELEASE. APIs are versioned as alpha and subject to change. A reference to a GraphQLApi CR. Resolution of the client request to upstream(s) will be delegated to the resolution policies defined in the GraphQLApi CR. If configured, the graphql filter will operate instead of the envoy router filter, so configuration (such as retries) that applies to the router filter will not be applied. Only one of `graphqlApiRef`, `routeAction`, `redirectAction`, or `directResponseAction` can be set. |
```
